Ipex doc (#828)
huggingface/optimum-intel: docs/source/ipex/inference.mdx

<!--Copyright 2024 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Inference

> Optimum Intel can be used to load models from the [Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) and create pipelines to run inference with IPEX optimization (including patching, weight prepack and graph mode) on a variety of Intel processors (currently only support for CPU)

Reviewer: What's the plan for the model in the next release ? From my understanding we will stop using TorchScript, I'd prefer to wait for the next release once we have something that won't get deprecated, before adding it to the documentation

Author: I don't think waiting for the next release is the best option since the `torch.compile` is not under our control. Currently, `torch.compile` is not working on all models for all tasks; many performance regressions need to be fixed. We will apply the `torch.compile` one by one for models. Changing all models to compile without any issues is impossible for now, so it's a long-term project.

## Loading

### Transformers models

> You can load models from HuggingFace Model Hub, it will be optimized by ipex during loading.

Reviewer: could we add a section to explain what optimization are applied ?

```diff
  import torch
  from transformers import AutoTokenizer, pipeline
- from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM
+ from optimum.intel import IPEXModelForCausalLM

  model_id = "gpt2"
- model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(model_id, torch_dtype=torch.bfloat16)

> + model = IPEXModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(model_id, torch_dtype=torch.bfloat16, export=True)

Reviewer: this will not work on intel gpus so we need to specify it in the documentation, same for the torchscript export that will soon be deprecated

<!--Copyright 2024 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Inference

> Optimum Intel can be used to load models from the [Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) and create pipelines to run inference with IPEX optimization (including patching, weight prepack and graph mode) on a variety of Intel processors (currently only support for CPU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimum Intel can be used to load models from the [Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) and create pipelines to run inference with IPEX optimizations (including patching with custom operators, weight prepacking and graph mode) on a variety of Intel processors. For now support is only enabled for CPUs.
```

## Loading

> ### Transformers models
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can load models from HuggingFace Model Hub, it will be optimized by ipex (including patching, weight prepack and graph mode) during loading.

Reviewer: I think it could make sense to discuss about what is patched instead of "including patching"

Author: Done, please take a review.

> You can load models from HuggingFace Model Hub, it will be optimized by ipex (including weight prepack and graph mode) during loading. The ipex will patch custom op for models like llama, bert, vit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load your model and apply IPEX optimizations (including weight prepacking and graph mode). For supported architectures like LLaMA, BERT and ViT, further optimizations will be applied by patching the model to use custom operators.
```

> For now, the IPEX optimization only supports for CPU model, and it will export the original model to torchscript model. The export format will be changed to torch compile in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, the IPEX optimization is only supported for CPUs, the original model will be exported via TorchScript. In the future `torch.compile` will be used and model exported via TorchScript will get deprecated.
```

> For now, the IPEX optimization is only supported for CPUs, the original model will be exported via TorchScript. In the future `torch.compile` will be used and model exported via TorchScript will get deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, support is only enabled for CPUs and the original model will be exported via TorchScript. In the future `torch.compile` will be used and model exported via TorchScript will get deprecated.
```
